Chloe Lannert: Beautiful.
Chloe Lannert: Alright. So we're about 6 weeks out from Demo Day. But you guys have already started coming up with questions, and we always like to introduce the details of demo day in week 7. So it doesn't feel like this giant scary black box coming down the line. We'll answer a bunch of general questions. You probably have and then go through the format and our location.
Chloe Lannert: We'll also start off with what makes a good pitch, and watch some past pitches together and chat about them, start a little discussion, so we always like to make sure that this is out of the way pretty early to make sure you have enough time to get your feet under you and start working in the right direction.
Chloe Lannert: You'll probably have a lot of questions. We'll blow through the presentation and then answer those at the end. Feel free to drop questions in the chat as you have them.
Chloe Lannert: So 1st off in terms of expectations. Demo Day is just a day.
Chloe Lannert: This isn't the 2,010 s. Anymore. You won't be in a huge arena. It will not make or break your business or funding plans while Demo Day is a great opportunity to start a conversation. Checks don't get signed on the table at Demo Day anymore. And the real value comes with this video asset that you're going to get at the end and the conversations that you're able to start.
Chloe Lannert: So the huge sort of endgame of Demo Day is that you get this really clean, nice video that you can use for customer acquisition and fundraising for months or years to come, depending on how your business shifts. So I've seen companies keep their pitch in their email signature, use it to get investors to want a 1st meeting. That video really has a lot of life way beyond
Chloe Lannert: the single day of Demo Day.
Chloe Lannert: So
Chloe Lannert: this is we like to think of Demo Day as more of a community milestone. So the bay is super saturated. Many in the audience will have seen multiple other demo days in the same month. And people are going through accelerators left and right. It's just not the same as it once was when there were like one or 2 accelerators around, so just being fully transparent there
Chloe Lannert: we do, however, do a lot of work to make the evening super engaging for the audience, and give you a great shot at starting. Tons of great conversations that'll carry you well beyond Demo Day, which is just a 12 h box.
Chloe Lannert: So it's not something to lose a ton of sleep over. The video artifact that you're left with has a lot more longevity than Demo Day itself.
Chloe Lannert: Neil. I don't know if you want to add any color here.
NSG: Yeah, I think the the simple way to put it is that demo day will solve no one's problem
NSG: with your business, with your investability. There's no aspect of Demo Day that will save you or help you. It will simply be a reflection of where you stand today and how you're doing
NSG: so. It's really a checkpoint than anything else, and, like Chloe said, we've designed it in a way that it is a
NSG: helpful artifact and moment in time for you to engage people you want to have conversations with. That's investors that's partners and potential customers, even on the b 2 b front and it's also related to like team building. And and you know, having people aware of your company so that you can attract really talented people to be a part of your team and help you out. So there's a lot of ways that you can make this really, really worthwhile and beneficial. But the way that would
NSG: basically set you up for failure. And disappointment is, if in your head you have this idea that
NSG: by Demo day, like you're gonna have some incredible milestone that you hit. And because of it on Demo Day, when you announce it, it's gonna mean something like you're gonna get some special out of this world commitment from investors or something like that. So if you have out of world expectations, it's probably not gonna be a good thing to to to bank on
NSG: but at the same time it becomes a very, very helpful augmentation point for your Ceos in particular, to ensure you know how to talk about your company, its progress, what you got out of techsars and what you're gonna do next.
NSG: So that's the the frame of of thinking. I I strongly recommend going into this.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah, and we'll continue to have conversations with each of you about what your goals are for demo Day. But we're gonna make it valuable for you. Just if you have like a 2010 view of what it's gonna be you. It's not gonna work out.
Chloe Lannert: So
Chloe Lannert: what does winning demo day look like I know we just heard from Eric where it used to be, this huge competitive thing where people were stack ranked and like vying for the top spot. But we found that
Chloe Lannert: doing that with the Demo day order is not a good use of our time or yours. So just to get that out of the way right from the bat. The order that you pitch in doesn't mean anything about our perception of you or your business. Neil does a lot of work to maximize audience experience and engagement, so he'll switch up different verticals levels of humor which Eir is co-presenting to give them breaks and and breathers
Chloe Lannert: And every year he does it a little bit differently. It's all it's all there to make sure that people are off their phones and paying attention. So you have the best chance of engaging the right people within the audience.
Chloe Lannert: So what does Demo day actually look like the person who wins. Demo Day has the most follow up calls that contribute to their ultimate goal, post Demo Day.
Chloe Lannert: So the person who wins Demo Day is the person who's able to leverage it for business progress after the day is over.
Chloe Lannert: some of your bootstrapping, your goal could be customer acquisition or securing a great advisor. It could be brand building, getting your name out there. It could be deepening your industry connections. And remember here, even if someone can't help you, they probably know someone who can. So our goal as a team is for you to make progress in the way that makes the most sense for you.
Chloe Lannert: So our venue
Chloe Lannert: is Google's product launch venue in Sf. At one market plaza. Meg and Antoine might have been there. But this is Google's product launch space. You should expect around 200 people our auditoriums over on the left. We've got a great AV setup. The whole thing will be filmed very professionally. We also have a green room off to the side, so you can spread out and relax instead of feeling like you're you're wired on the bench
Chloe Lannert: after presentations we'll move over to our reception space, which is
Chloe Lannert: so great. We'll have some great food, a full bar and 2 rooftops, with views of the city and the Bay and the reception space may or may not have a Delorean in the middle, like the car from back to the future. We've had a lot of success with making Demo Day something people actually want to go to. So it'll be a good experience for both you and the audience and any guests you may bring.
Chloe Lannert: So on the topic of guests. Since our space is relatively limited, we try to keep it to one, to 2 friends and family per founder you can swap these around. If one team member doesn't want to bring anyone, then the other can bring 3 or 4. These
Chloe Lannert: limitations are just for non professional invites. We'll talk more about professional and sort of business development invites later down the line. But we are. Gonna try to
Chloe Lannert: keep
Chloe Lannert: Keep seats targeted towards you guys making business progress as much as possible. But of course you all should have loved ones in the audience if they're around and in town.
Chloe Lannert: So
Chloe Lannert: our format here really is the secret sauce. It came out of Neil's experience of having to do a string of virtual demo days where it's just really really difficult to keep people paying attention like. It's so easy for for people to go on their phones or just check out and and since demo days are so saturated we we wanna
Chloe Lannert: switch it up and give you guys a platform to show off your business at its best, so nobody wants to watch a string of 10 min pitches where they're just being talked at with a deck. It's genuinely just boring, and it also causes too much stress to you guys as founders trying to memorize this like 10 min thing and like worrying about side automations. It's just not a good use of time, and no real investor is going to be impressed by that over your actual traction, your actual business, your actual progress.
Chloe Lannert: So.
Chloe Lannert: And and another thing there is. We also have seen a ton of businesses that are really great at the traditional Demo Day style pitch who just have bad businesses. It's not a format that highlights the strength of the foundation that you all are building.
Chloe Lannert: So the way we do it. We've tried to index to showcase the actual value of your business as opposed to just what looks good in a 10 min.
Chloe Lannert: Monologue.
Chloe Lannert: Neil, do you want to talk a little more about the origin here?
NSG: Yeah,
NSG: I'm I'm I'm grateful that this has worked out. It was a bit of a bet and a gamble early on, and a lot of people disagreed with with me when I initially proposed doing this. But
NSG: the premise was
NSG: we when we got hit with Covid and the original Texas program that I ran 5 years ago.
NSG: We had to abruptly within like 5 or 6 weeks pivot to a virtual demo day, right unplanned.
NSG: And what we learned from that data across all of the techstars demo days and programs is that the attention span when you're looking at an online experience like dropped off dramatically.
NSG: So then, like with that lower engagement.
NSG: because people would stop watching the video like 3 min in basically
NSG: after, like, it was a 10 min pitch, and it was like at 3 min you'd have a dramatic amount of drop off
NSG: once we moved back to doing in person demo days and events
NSG: it that that didn't really change. So you needed to tweak the traditional format of a company getting on stage and pitching for 5, 10 min.
NSG: So yeah, ultimately, what we thought would be more helpful is asking ourselves, alright, well, what is the whole point of Demo Day?
NSG: At least as far as how tech stars offers it. And there's usually some sort of objective that a founder comes up with. And that objective is, I want to meet these investors, or I want to meet these potential stakeholders or partners for my business or I want to be able to have an a means to explain my business as a, as an opening conversation to to certain people.
NSG: So from some of these objectives, we just basically came up with a format that one kept people's attention, but 2 allowed enough
NSG: variety, and how you talked about your business to make sure that it wasn't just a sage on the stage. So one person talking for an extended period of time.
NSG: So I guess now we can get into explaining that format.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah, so like, Neil said, tons of experimentation. And it's been picked up by a lot of other techstars programs over the last couple of years. Which has been really cool to see
Chloe Lannert: And it it just it just really works. So here is a Chicago demo day, also around 200 people. People are less likely to be on their phones. They're more likely to make it to the end of the presentations, and they're more likely to ask you good questions after the fact compared to the the previous model that we've seen other techstars programs use.
Chloe Lannert: So for the format itself.
Chloe Lannert: You get a 1 min pitch.
Chloe Lannert: no slides, spotlight on the founder and a 1 min product video, and you can swap around the order of these 2 things. Then you finish with a 4 min Q&A with one slide behind you the whole time.
Chloe Lannert: So it's really really simple and clean, and we expect the Ceos to be the ones pitching and presenting.
Chloe Lannert: So
Chloe Lannert: the whole idea is to make it more engaging and more organic for you guys. The 1 min elevator pitch is still incredibly important. It needs to be very well practiced. You need to be clean. You need to catch people's attention, and the majority of founders go pitch first, st then, video, so you can set the stage for the product and give context about what you're building.
Chloe Lannert: Then most people will go on to the 1 min video. We'll talk through storyboards together in detail later down the line. But we found that a product video is something that you can reuse
Chloe Lannert: way further down the line than a Demo day deck of just the 10 slides. So
Chloe Lannert: we. I've I've seen people.
Chloe Lannert: There are companies who graduated a year year and a half ago, who still have their Demo Day product videos on their landing pages. To this day. People who choose to go. Video 1st tend to have more technically complex products. So one of the examples, in the past is a battery company where the visual aids really helped set up the pitch and made it so you could actually understand the use cases before hearing all the context about the market.
Chloe Lannert: So you can make that choice. But the majority of people do choose to go pitch first.st
Chloe Lannert: After these 2 elements we'll get into the Q. And a this is, we'll have like talk, show style directors, chairs, and your eir will join you to help you present.
Chloe Lannert: So this is what we were talking about. When we introduced the Eirs they get to lend some of their legitimacy to you, and we love this format because in the final product it makes it clear that you're like important enough to be interviewed and makes makes you more of a legit person who people want to talk to afterwards. Something huge. Here the questions are scripted.
Chloe Lannert: but the answer should be
Chloe Lannert: as organic and natural as possible, so we suggest most people keep their answer scripts at a higher level, more bullet points versus like scripting out every single word, and we'll help you practice to make it feel conversational. But and and your eirs will will be a huge support as you
Chloe Lannert: put together the questions bring it all together. But
Chloe Lannert: yeah, Neil, anything to to add here.
NSG: Yeah. So I think the the number. One thing is making it conversational. So most people who see the event, and even founders that see recordings of the sessions. It's almost hard to believe that it's scripted.
NSG: because the way it comes off is as if you're having a live conversation. Which is a really cool kind of structure that we kind of experiment with and have chiseled down to this. So it does require a lot of practice, though there, there have been mishaps on stage where founders who thought that they were just good at winging it
NSG: to just do that, and that doesn't work, and then you end up not knowing what you're talking about and looking a little weird. So I definitely am not gonna let that happen. And what I mean by not letting that happen. We'll get into. But basically there are approval mechanisms for your readiness for Demo Day.
NSG: and it's more of a privilege than it is the right to be on stage. So you have to earn your slot and your spot by being prepared and demonstrating that you are prepared. So there's a lot that goes into that. And then, Chloe, I I do realize, like I jumped to Format when there were a couple of other important sides right before this, that we should probably go back to and and make sure we reinforce but just wanted to.
NSG: you know. Speak on that.
Chloe Lannert: Into the details. Perfect.
Chloe Lannert: Alex. Is it super urgent, or can we save.
Alex Nativelle: No, no, just on the format, no problem.
Chloe Lannert: If it's specific to the format.
NSG: Let's talk about it.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah.
Alex Nativelle: No, I was just wondering why the why did you choose 4 min? It seems like such a you know. Precise timing.
NSG: Yes.
NSG: 6 min per per company. Yeah. So 1 min is enough for the product video and for the elevator pitch. After 4 min of QA. You've kind of run its course as far as audience, engagement and awareness. You you can feel it. Yeah. 4 min.
Alex Nativelle: Interesting.
NSG: Just about the right time to keep people engaged and interested in what you're saying. But after that, if you're hearing 10 companies it's gonna be too much.
Alex Nativelle: Okay, cool, because since 4 min is really fast. But yeah, I I'm it must be the.
Chloe Lannert: And we'll we'll talk with you about how to make sure you're using that time really, really wisely. But people have Tiktok brain and they will go to the bathroom.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah. So
Chloe Lannert: we want to make sure that every second of your pitch is really high impact. But to back up a little bit
Chloe Lannert: like Neil said earlier. We just want to make sure this super clear. Demo day is not a fundraising event, so people often launch their rounds at Demo Day. If you're planning on on fundraising, it's a great way to sort of kick off the round. Kick off conversations. But if you're planning a raise. Demo Day should not be a factor in whether you think you're going to close it or not.
Chloe Lannert: It's some nice visibility, but you need to have the strong business foundation. You need to have a really tailored pipeline like the whole idea of. Oh, like Demo Day is gonna close. My round is just not correct. And is typically an indicator of poor planning and sort of unrealistic expectations.
Chloe Lannert: because nothing in the startup world is that easy? Unfortunately, conversations that lead to fundraising conversations later down the line. Even if you're not kicking off a raise at Demo Day, you can make connections that lead to funding later down the line. But Demo Day is not a magic bullet for companies struggling to fill their round
Chloe Lannert: totally clear. There.
NSG: Yep.
Chloe Lannert: And then, beyond that, some other sort of nice things. A lot of you aren't totally comfortable talking about your business, and you saw that come up in your mentor madness feedback, and you probably felt it at the Kickoff event on stage.
Chloe Lannert: We really want to make sure that you leave program with as like legit presenters who are clean and articulate, and as people who can really answer the hard questions. So that's another part of why we include the Q. And A is to give you a little bit of practice with how you're going to articulate answers, and we'll talk a little bit more about
Chloe Lannert: what that looks like. When we watch some examples later down the line. But
Chloe Lannert: yeah, you wanna know your shit
Chloe Lannert: have your FAQ, Doc, like, basically, we want you to leave program being someone who can pull any answer out of their FAQ
Chloe Lannert: sort of document at the drop of a hat you can pick your favorites to show on stage at Demo Day. But you we want you to be really clean salespeople of your business.
Chloe Lannert: not just your product.
NSG: You all crushed it the 1st week of program, right? When we had the big mentor event that Alex is referring to in the chat that was like knocked out of the park pretty much all the way.
NSG: I would love for that same energy to carry into Demo Day in like 10 to 50 x more right quality wise. And I know each of you can do that. Especially from our Jtbd session that we had right through all those questions at you, and everybody went around and answered them.
NSG: I know you've got it in you to be extremely impressive and compelling.
NSG: The idea behind this format also was
NSG: especially for any investors in the room that you all really do want to earn an audience with or communicate with afterwards.
NSG: One of the things that investors tend to look for is, does the CEO seem like the kind of leader that could go the distance with this business?
NSG: And this is the opportunity to set the stage for for that impression
NSG: right? So can you very, very clearly for 1 min on the stage, with no support with no background slide just you on the stage. Can you explain and compel people to want to listen for 5 more minutes?
NSG: So that's the idea of having the CEO come out on stage and speaking for that 1st minute is like you should be able to storytell and command people's attention in a compelling enough way, and then carry the conversation
NSG: through a series of really thoughtful and difficult questions that you're engaging with with someone who's really smart to really show that you've got the stuff to have a 30 min call with them to really go deep about the intricacies of your business and really talk about it in a in a very like visionary and compelling way.
NSG: So it's essentially meant to save you that 1st meeting from them getting to know you because they feel like they already do after seeing you pitch at a demo day.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah, and it saves you from having to answer the same
Chloe Lannert: bad questions like, we'll we'll watch Jake's pitch pitch later. But it's a really
Chloe Lannert: like you get to deter people from making assumptions that they would use to sort of disregard your business.
NSG: Not just bad questions. It's also just questions that are the most piercing or difficult
NSG: for you to answer. Right? There's questions about your business that
NSG: someone's gonna look at your company and go. Oh, I'm not interested at all because of XYZ, like they're gonna rule out brio, because it's Ed Tech, or they're gonna rule out someone else, for whatever reason. And instead of allowing them to have this narrative in their head of what's true, you get to go. I know what you're thinking.
NSG: Here's this really difficult thing that you want to criticize about my business. And here's me taking it head on and having a conversation with a really smart person about it, to show you that I've already thought through that. And that shouldn't be a concern of yours anymore. And you should talk to me anyway.
NSG: So this is like a really helpful way to to address those types of objections.
Chloe Lannert: It's it's a lot of fun when done, really. Well. So
Chloe Lannert: all this said, we will have a ton of opportunities for you to practice both synchronously and asynchronously. We're bringing in mentors and alumni to help you craft your narrative, and the team and ears will be a great resource for you to help you refine your pitch and your story
Chloe Lannert: right off the bat. We'll also be starting a basecamp chain where people can upload videos of themselves doing their pitch to get sort of collaborative feedback from the class and from the team. So look out for that. After this, after this call.
Chloe Lannert: and another huge thing.
Chloe Lannert: the event is a demo day for all 10 companies, so it's back to back. It'll be about an hour and a half of presentations. This is an in person. Only event. We've seen other people offer streaming like other programs, and people don't show up
Chloe Lannert: and like it's great. They saw your pitch. Maybe they were on the phone. Maybe they weren't. Maybe they were really engaged. But then you miss out on that conversation afterwards at that cocktail hour like they don't get to ask you the questions immediately. You don't get to really spark that connection as well. So
Chloe Lannert: the reason we do the video that you guys distribute after instead of the streaming is because that forces people to get in touch with you. If they're interested, they need to contact you to get access to your video. And then you have that connection instead of people just like logging in randomly, seeing
Chloe Lannert: like a Youtube live stream and then logging back off and forgetting all about you. You'll like, have their contact details, and it forces a follow up where there wouldn't otherwise be one
Chloe Lannert: Neil, any other color here. The other.
NSG: No, I mean no, I guess the only thing would be just. We made a choice not to
NSG: stream, because
NSG: the follow up afterwards with those people can be compelled. Basically. So like the the opportunity is like, Hey, you missed Demo day? That's okay. Let me let me share this pitch with you, and let's talk about it afterwards, or let's have a meeting anyway. That's helpful. We do. We have in the past like
NSG: made things accessible, like friends and family, like on the side, like with a little laptop on the side, or something like that. But we definitely keep that confidential and private, and we don't always do it. So depending on, you know, if there's a need for you all to have, you know, a few key loved ones, or something like that on a, on a small stream, on a laptop on the side. That's something we can entertain, but I don't want you to expect that, or or that's not a guarantee that we would even do it. But it is possible.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah, that's duly contingent on your guys interest. And then the limitations of the AV setup and whenever that, whenever we are able to do the friends and family live stream. It is ugly to the point that it would be a detriment for you to share it with anyone who's professionally connected with you.
NSG: Correct.
Chloe Lannert: It is not moderated, it is a laptop off to the side. No one's looking at it, so just
Chloe Lannert: in person, professionally, can't can't engage unless they're engaging with you directly for that recording after the other thing. Like, Neil said.
Chloe Lannert: They're the overwhelming majority of companies that we've worked with have presented at Demo Day.
Chloe Lannert: If your business isn't ready.
Chloe Lannert: There have been situations where companies haven't presented.
Chloe Lannert: Sometimes it's the team sort of stopping the company from presenting. Sometimes it's a decision that the company and team come to together. It is incredibly rare.
Chloe Lannert: But we won't put you on stage if it's gonna make you look bad.
NSG: And if you're not prepared.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah.
Chloe Lannert: cool. So for the event itself, it'll be about 3 h. The evening of Thursday, May 29, th with a cocktail hour afterwards. So from about 3 to 4 Pm. People will be coming in and chatting. Then we'll have about an hour and a half of presentations, and then a little over an hour of post event networking. We'll have some good food. A nice bar,
Chloe Lannert: And then, because of the the format of the space. The reception area and auditorium are on different floors. So there's this moment where we have to elevator up all the guests to the reception area, and we hold all the Ceos back, and then get to like. Let them into the reception area, all as a group at the very end, like an Nfl entrance, and then you go like, grab your drinks and start chatting with people. But.
NSG: Yeah, it's pretty cool.
Chloe Lannert: It's a really fun moment.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah. So this will be the general run of show. Pretty simple.
Chloe Lannert: we'll have some logistics on the front and back next up.
Chloe Lannert: start building your pipelines. I know we were talking about the dream connection list that's still active. I haven't received any lists from people. But if you have lists of mentors, Texters, network people you want to get connected with, please continue to like, please send them over. I'll get started on those
Chloe Lannert: that is. Still, these are 2 separate things, but build out your pipelines of whether it's investors, customers, advisors.
Chloe Lannert: whoever you want to use Demo Day to reach.
Chloe Lannert: bring them in. So we are able to send invitations from the team
Chloe Lannert: for each company, like on behalf of each company. If it's like someone you haven't really gotten the chance to get in touch with yet, and you want it to seem a little more official that you don't necessarily feel comfortable sending them yourselves. You want another boost from from somewhere else.
Chloe Lannert: we send invitations to help you.
Chloe Lannert: align with your goals. This is primarily focused on people outside of the techstars network. So we've got some mentors and some of our sort of network investors already on the list for invitations. But
Chloe Lannert: this is your chance to sort of reach a little bit further.
Chloe Lannert: You can absolutely invite these people personally, but I still will ask for your list of invites, so I can make sure they get improve approved on the back end, on the luma given the capacity we're really cagey with who we say yes to. So if there's someone you really want there, make sure I know about it, so I can get them their approval, and they're good to go to to actually come to the event.
Chloe Lannert: Cool?
Chloe Lannert: All right.
Chloe Lannert: Let's take a look at the chat real quick. And does anyone else have any
Chloe Lannert: questions about any of the above.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah, Alex, so there were a lot of people at that 1st event, even with the rain. But we are way cageier with who we let into demo day because of the venue limitations and Google security.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah.
Alex Nativelle: Thanks.
NSG: No questions.
Chloe Lannert: Normally I'd be proud and be like oh, I explained everything so well, but I feel like that's not the case.
NSG: Yeah, I'm worried. I'm worried.
NSG: I feel like they would always.
Chloe Lannert: Be questions here. There's almost always questions.
NSG: So you all feel like everything you, every question you have about Demo Day has been answered, and you feel like you're good to go. And we're just like
NSG: we're done here. And we can give you guys kind of time back. That's fully possible. But I I don't buy it.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: I have one quick question here regarding this 1 min video that you said about the product itself. Do you have any idea of how it should be like. It would be a recording of the screen, for instance, or it could be also some other types of like more professional or advanced
Esmaeil Sadeghi: type of.
NSG: We'll we'll we'll show you some examples after we. We. This is the. This is the midpoint of this session. By the way, guys, this isn't the end. We have a little bit more to cover, and we're gonna show you some demonstration like demo day examples. However.
NSG: this is a good time for you all to ask questions like this. So, sml, we will share some examples for you. We recommend you take a much more professional approach than like simple screen recording, if you can. So yes, this basically becomes a product demo video for you. Sometimes founders put them on their websites. Afterwards they send them out, they share them with either customers or investors. It becomes a really helpful artifact for you to articulate your current state of product.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah, a lot of people will sort of storyboard it out and then hire an animator on Fiverr or something to put it together. Make it look really clean. The other tip that I'll share now is, please do not use AI voices. It is like a cheese grater on the audience's ears. I have voiced a couple of Demo Day videos. Ask your friends it's it's better than the AI voice. AI is great.
Chloe Lannert: But you don't want to subject an audience to that at at this moment. We're not yet at the point where people want to listen to it.
Chloe Lannert: We will post a bunch of full pitch videos, and we'll also go through some together and and discuss them. At the end of this session,
Alex Nativelle: Yeah.
Chloe Lannert: Neil, do we get to see the list of attendees ahead of time for Demo Day.
NSG: No.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah.
NSG: No, we don't do that.
NSG: That's it's we've had too many issues in the past with that.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah, we've had founders do some weird outreach. If you have questions about whether individual people who you've invited are coming, I can answer those. But I can't give you a full like email list.
Chloe Lannert: Texters has a lot of data privacy things that we've had a tough time with in the past.
NSG: Being said like, we will make sure afterwards, you know, who was in the room, and then who we think you should follow up with as well if you didn't get a chance to speak to somebody. So there's no stone unturned in that sense. So you're not gonna end up having awesome people that were there, and you didn't get a chance to know who they were, or talk to them, or see who was there. That will all be done but we're definitely not gonna share a list that could be either spammed or exploited in in the wrong kinds of ways, either.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah. Anthony.
Anthony De Silva: Yeah. Will we be doing a dry run? For a practice session before that, and is like we're trying trying to travel plan our travel. So just wanna know, like what dates.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah. So may 29, th full day.
Chloe Lannert: You're in San Francisco. You're in Google
Chloe Lannert: 9 Am. Is when we start our full dress rehearsal in the space with the AV you get to practice with the mics and you get we get to practice with the like audio systems and like tune everything up. We do a full run through like that. And then after that, we have another good like hour and a half for people to like, continue to practice their pitches in the space if they want in terms of flight, I'd recommend that you come the weekend before, so we can continue to like practice pitches in the office together.
Chloe Lannert: So that full week 12 being in person, would be really beneficial.
Anthony De Silva: Yeah. Gotcha.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah, the the whole office is is just like a flurry of people practicing together in in smaller groups, which is
Chloe Lannert: tends to like really help people get their nerves
Chloe Lannert: sort of under control ahead of getting in there.
NSG: Yeah, Demo day week is the other week that we expect everybody to be present in person for the week, just as a reminder.
Anthony De Silva: Sounds good.
Chloe Lannert: And then, Friday of demo day week, do a nice little wrap up brunch sort of after party situation.
NSG: There's also there's also a little hang after Demo Day, the that night itself those who are worthy.
NSG: Yes.
Chloe Lannert: For those who are brave.
NSG: Yeah.
Chloe Lannert: Alex.
Alex Nativelle: Yeah, I was wondering about the product demo itself, like you were mentioning a few tools. I think this
Alex Nativelle: that we've been struggling with to make it very compelling in the past. So I was just wondering if you have any resources, if you like, maybe work with some people to do it, or like I would be cool to have that. I think.
Chloe Lannert: You ask the alumni.
Alex Nativelle: Okay.
Chloe Lannert: Drop a note in the alumni.
NSG: Recommend? Alumni, yeah.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah, cause you'll be able to. So once you go through some of the examples, you'll find a Demo Day product videos that you like, and that makes sense, for your business is different types of business.
Alex Nativelle: You know.
Chloe Lannert: Format. Some will have like a single user use case. Some people will have like a bunch of testimonials. There are a bunch of different ways that people do it. Once you find a kind of model that you like, you can reach out to alumni who've had similar models, and you can be like, who is your animator? Who I really liked this? Who did this part? Who like? How did you put this together? How did you think about this. So they're around. They're excited to help you.
NSG: I also feel like people like Carlo are are pros at this, and have done a lot of work around this that would be helpful people within the class that have a lot of knowledge and expertise. Here, too.
Alex Nativelle: So calendar for the next 2.
Carlo Scaglia: Free videos. Here, guys, you're you're paying.
Alex Nativelle: Oof.
Chloe Lannert: Interesting.
Alex Nativelle: The discount. Yeah, Andrew, hmm.
Andrew Fernandes: Capacity slash. How many investors will be in there.
Ankur Toshniwal: Take it for.
Chloe Lannert: Audio.
NSG: Or Andrew. Somebody's gotta mute something. We weren't able to hear. You.
Andrew Fernandes: Can you hear me now?
NSG: Yes.
Chloe Lannert: Gutter.
Andrew Fernandes: Okay? What's the capacity for demo day slash? How many investors will be there.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah, it's gonna be around 200 people, did you? When did you join the presentation.
Andrew Fernandes: I was a few minutes late joining.
Chloe Lannert: Okay. So it's going to be around 200 people. We'll have some of our network investors. And we're also asking you guys to put together target lists of people you want to talk to whether it's investors or customers. The audience changes a lot, depending on the goals and intentions of the class. So if you're not. If, like, a lot of people aren't trying to fundraise, and they're more focused on customer acquisition, it's going to be fewer investors in the audience. If investment is a focus, it'll be more.
NSG: Yep.
Chris Wong: Roughly, how much time does
Chris Wong: prep take before demo day? Just trying to project plan kinda as like we're managing.
NSG: Yeah.
Chris Wong: Business, and so forth. Yeah.
NSG: Yup. It starts right now. So your prep starts right now, and I would say that the amount that you put into prep is going to be proportional to your satisfaction with the outcome of the event itself. So I would recommend, it's like brushing your teeth like you're gonna carve out at least 10 min per day, ideally 30 to minutes to an hour a day. If you do that, that can remain consistent.
NSG: If you don't do that. And you put this off until later. It's gonna take up a disproportionate amount of your days towards the end of program. And you're gonna be really stressed out.
NSG: So if you dedicate time every day, starting now to prepare for this, it's going to be smooth sailing.
NSG: but if you put it off and you only meet our deadlines, for when you need to show up and talk about your pitch for us, and you gotta hurry through prepping and practicing the day before, and there's no consistency or habit built in like, yeah, it's that those are the folks that usually have a bad time and and talk about how stressful it is to prepare for double day.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah, the couple of minutes a day really is golden. Especially in the whole memorization phase that tends to be.
NSG: Yep.
Chloe Lannert: Serious part. If you just do it a couple of times a day, it'll become really, really automatic. And you'll be able to do it in a bunch of different contexts without getting distracted. It's.
NSG: Yeah. And I have data to back this up just to be clear. The founders who have the best outcomes and pitches the demo day are the ones that have literally a whole list of version control of all the recorded pitches that they have, that they've been practicing.
NSG: Literally, there's just like videos and videos and videos and videos of version. Each version has been tracked and monitored, and they can watch and see and see their progression and how they've changed. They can go back and look at a previous pitch. So like, yeah, the the data driven approach here is the way to go with deep documentation of every attempt at practicing it.
Carlo Scaglia: When you say deep approach to all of the practices is that because you will make us do different like videos and trials that we get to record.
NSG: I wanna make you do anything. Yeah, no, I won't. I won't make you do anything. But I highly recommend that you do it like, I, yeah, I won't force it at all. But there will be checkpoints where you all will present to each other and give each other feedback. We have alumni that come back to give you feedback in a different perspective. We have mentors who do it. We have a few other pitch pros that come in and help. I have a private session with each of you as well on that. So there's lots of different perspectives that you'll gain and you have to still decide how you want to shape the pitch and practice it.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah, mark.
Mark Wong: For the 4 min. Q. And A. Do you guys have like a bunch of questions we could like go off of, just as practice in the case.
NSG: Oh, I wonder if somebody may have mentioned this many, many weeks ago someone named Neil, who talked about a question bank that every company should have
NSG: established.
Mark Wong: So it's the same thing. It's the question. Bank is the question. It's not like something.
NSG: Oh, yeah, man, this is exactly what I meant, like the whole thing is all of you should know already all the questions you've been asked about your business since you started at techstars. So now you're starting to get a sense of what investors ask you about versus what other people tend to ask you about in different categories or types of folks. If you don't have that, you're doing something wrong.
Mark Wong: Got it.
Chloe Lannert: Yes, ma'am.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: Yeah, so we have. We are working with 2 err, like Verona and David, who would be standing with us on the stage, or it might be
Esmaeil Sadeghi: one of those 2 we don't know. But it would. Okay, sure.
NSG: Correct.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah. So they pick you
Chloe Lannert: a couple of weeks before Demo Day, we sit down and they get to choose the folks that they want to work with.
Chloe Lannert: So that way you land with someone who really wants to help you tell the story of your business and and cares about your success and someone who's super engaged. And
Chloe Lannert: yeah, you get to work on that together and and craft a pitch, together with the mutual understanding that you're both heading in the same direction.
Chloe Lannert: Awesome.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: I have a side question here also, like following this demo week. So basically, there would be another event in New York. So I just curious like there was also a link to register. I don't know how, who, how many like we register for that event as well. Do you recommend also to go there as well like to join that event as well.
NSG: There's a lot of events going on in New York. I'm not sure the one you're referring to, but I do know that has a lot of big plans and activities, and there's at least 2 demo days that are happening in New York that next week. I don't think any of you need to present at them, though.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: Do exactly.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: It was angel event. I received the link from Chloe about this and if there is any interest register for this.
NSG: Yeah, share with us. Afterwards we'll take a look and let you know. But there is a lot coming up that we have, I think, for New York tech week. I just heard yesterday I was in a meeting with all the Mds. At Techstars, and we were talking about some of the extra stuff that's happening. So yeah, I'm really glad that we made this adjustment because it sounds like techstars is gonna be network wise one of the bells of the ball for New York tech week.
NSG: Cool. All the questions have been answered.
Ankur Toshniwal: I was curious about how? Okay? So oh.
Ankur Toshniwal: I know. Like, when it comes to actually demoing the product itself. Maybe
Ankur Toshniwal: like not. All of the demo is ready.
Ankur Toshniwal: like we're we're at least we are. We're building towards that and so when it comes to prep.
Ankur Toshniwal: How you you know.
Ankur Toshniwal: How do you suppose we kind of plan that? I don't know how other people have planned it in the past? What is our kind of tactics of like, hey? We expect to be here. Just bake that into the practice time of what it is from a product.
Ankur Toshniwal: We have a session that we schedule for everyone on core, where everyone kind of explains and walks everyone through their storyboard for their product demo videos.
Ankur Toshniwal: I see. Okay. So.
NSG: You walk through the storyboard. A lot of people here and us can weigh in and kind of give you feedback about whether we think what you're presenting, what you're planning to like, kind of put into that product. Demo video makes sense.
Ankur Toshniwal: Gotcha. Okay. Cool.
NSG: There's gonna be a healthy combination of what's real versus, what's aspirational about what you intend to provide.
NSG: I see. And then that's okay, too. Yeah.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah, generally. The videos can get pretty aspirational as long as you're clear about where you actually are.
NSG: Yep.
Chloe Lannert: Awesome.
Chloe Lannert: beautiful.
Chloe Lannert: Do we need a 5 min bio break? Or should we just keep keep chugging along? We'll have another like potential
Chloe Lannert: Meg, is that a yes, for break, or yes, for go.
Meg Hall: And keep going.
Chloe Lannert: Beautiful.
NSG: Alright! Let's roll. Let's do it. We'll finish early.
Chloe Lannert: Awesome. So at a high level, we're gonna get a little bit more into detail about the pitch itself. So you understand what we're looking for sort of
Chloe Lannert: bird's eye view.
Chloe Lannert: the main thing here is we want to in the short term, get you to your goal for demo day. So there are tons of different types of presentations. There are tons of different things you're trying to achieve with all of them. So I'm gonna ask you guys, what is the goal of an elevator pitch?
Chloe Lannert: Y'all let's get off mute.
NSG: Yeah, not rhetorical.
Chloe Lannert: Let's go.
Meg Hall: To capture people's attention in like less than 60 seconds, and make them want to continue talking to you.
Chloe Lannert: Brilliant, brilliant. Yeah, 2 things you're looking for with elevator pitch like an awesome like. How do I learn more or a no. So you're not wasting someone's time or wasting your own time. How about a Vc pitch?
Ankur Toshniwal: We get it exactly.
Meg Hall: Call.
Chloe Lannert: Yes.
NSG: Yes, she knows it. Meg Meg knows what it is.
Chloe Lannert: For Demo Day!
Chloe Lannert: It's the goal.
Carlo Scaglia: Guess it depends what your your own goal is for Demo Day.
Chloe Lannert: As well.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: Awareness. Maybe I don't know if it's like the end of the.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah. So 2 parts, one entertain the audience be memorable, and 2 get follow ups according to your goal. So back to the whole like winning Demo Day people who are able to start the most conversations that move them towards the progress they want to make.
Chloe Lannert: Pitch competitions.
Andrew Fernandes: Be memorable.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah, get money.
Carlo Scaglia: When, when.
Chloe Lannert: Exactly so, just as like a point of contrast. Pitch competitions are so rogue, you rarely know what you're being judged on
Chloe Lannert: like you want to win. But what's what's the criteria? So this is like a little
Chloe Lannert: like check in next time you're entering a pitch competition, try to ask for a rubric. And like, See, are they judging based on like the best business best presentation skills? They rarely know what they're judging based off of, and it tends to be like a vibe based thing. So see if you can pull a rubric just as like a little
Chloe Lannert: I've I've I've judged.
NSG: Too many pitch competitions, probably at this point, and what I'll say about that cause. It's a way for you to like if you ever need a pinch, and you need to make some money like pitch. Competition is a great way to take advantage of that. But for those
NSG: it's never the rubric. It's never like whatever they say the criteria is. It's, however, the people the judges feel about the companies afterwards when they have that debate and conversation after they're all done, and they go into the room, and they try to argue about which one's the best, and you kind of feel and know which one's the best. So to go back to Demo Day. It's the same thing where afterwards there's 10 companies that they just heard.
NSG: and usually people remember one or 2 of the 10
NSG: that were particularly memorable that they liked. So the question that people come up to me after Demo, they always try to talk to me, and the way I cut the conversation, because I hate most of those conversations. Some of them are good. Most of them are not good I'll say, which was your favorite company.
NSG: Which pitch did you like? Tell me? And it's always interesting to see people's responses, because it's usually
NSG: a similar set of companies most of the time, like, there's a few companies that end up bubbling up in people's mind. And I wonder why? And it's probably because, like the people who and there's a direct connection to the amount of prep work and effort that I notice, and founders leading up to Demo Day
NSG: and the ones that people remember the most and feel like resonated the most.
NSG: So just so, you know that that's it's totally up to you. It's in your control to leave a a universally positive taste in people's mouths about you and your company going into this event.
Chloe Lannert: So getting into the structure. 1st thing we really want to see from you guys is a big opening, the rationale here. It's pretty simple. You're fighting against people's phones. You're fighting about against people's decision on like when to get go to the bathroom. They watch the 1st 30 seconds they're like, I'm not super interested in this one. Let me run out, whatever that may be. You need to get people's attention really, really fast.
Chloe Lannert: and you also need to limit your scope.
Chloe Lannert: So you're talking. I think it was, Alex. You mentioned like, 4 min feels really short. The whole set feels pretty short.
Chloe Lannert: So I went to. I went to Berkeley last week to help some student founders prep for their like mini demo day and give feedback on their pitches.
Chloe Lannert: It was like 8 companies, and they did 5 min each, and there was one company that I liked a lot.
Chloe Lannert: I liked them a lot to the point that I scheduled a follow up, and the only things I can tell you about them 5 days later this was like last Thursday. They're building for quant hedge funds. They have a lighter weight algorithm for non-technical users, and their model is vaguely marketplacey.
Chloe Lannert: And I'm like, I I scheduled a follow up like I super like them. That's literally all I remember. So they had
Chloe Lannert: like
Chloe Lannert: 8 or 10 points that they wanted to make. And ahead of my follow up. I'm gonna have to like, go back to my notes and make sure I remember all the details. And but people at Demo Day won't be taking notes at your demo day, and they will only remember, like 3 or 4 things from your whole set.
Chloe Lannert: So what we really want to do with you guys is, make sure that as much as possible. You're focused on like 3, possibly 4 main takeaways and make sure they're the right ones, because those founders that I saw last week. They might have wanted me to remember something about their team or about their advisors, and that might have been like important
Chloe Lannert: for them that I knew that. But I just picked up on what I picked up on. You have a lot of control in, like what your 3 points are and what people remember. Make sure you're super super emphasizing, like the 3 main takeaways. So
Chloe Lannert: as a more generic example, your takeaways could be like. If you're fundraising. I have a giant market, great margins and a great go to market strategy. Those could be like the 3 things that people remember after the fact, and if an investor who believes in those 3 things understands and like, believes that you have them, you have a great shot at a next meeting. So going back to like your target audience, what do you want them to remember after you?
Chloe Lannert: That's basically all you talk about.
Chloe Lannert: So 6 min is short. But it's plenty of time to get across the 3 main points, and then that'll filter down to like who you actually want to have a conversation with afterwards, and make sure people remember what you're up to and what you're doing, and don't get distracted by details that don't really matter to you.
Chloe Lannert: Close with a call to action. This one, we're we're really gonna push you on. We've had
Chloe Lannert: in the past. We've seen a lot of companies do like the thanks a lot like, see you later.
NSG: Is there any investors in the room? Let me know. I'm thinking about fundraising stuff like that. I'm like, no, no, no, I'm sorry you have to have a very specific, compelling nuance, thoughtful, considerate call to action here. I will not let any of you get on stage unless you've clearly thought about this.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah. And it can be like, we're opening around. We're looking for strategic investors in Xyz space. Come, chat like you.
NSG: Who bring experience helping with the issues like like, there's a level of thinking there where you're saying I know exactly who I want on my cap table. I know exactly the kind of expertise I'm seeking out. Look at that! There's a way to do it where you're demonstrating that you're serious about who you're trying to talk to, and you're not just waving, you know, a flag, saying, Hey, whoever fits this criteria? Come, talk to me. Maybe like that is not impressive anymore. Nor was it ever to me.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah. And if it's customers, it can be like, we want to talk to Hr managers of companies, 500 to 5,000 employees. I'd love any connections you have. So that's the other thing. You can use this to leverage people sort of secondary connections like, if you know anyone in this space connect me? We have a a little sort of thing that goes out after the fact that like encourages people to contact you with all your details. That goes out the next morning.
Chloe Lannert: So
Chloe Lannert: people, if they remember that you're trying to tech, talk to these people that they have this friend who's doing this that they'll they'll have a sort of call to action from us to reach out to you guys with that but the big thing is like people fundamentally want it to help.
Chloe Lannert: and we want to make it easy for them to do so and make sure that you're being really crisp and precise with your asks and that people know that you're you're being thoughtful about your next steps in your business. So if you, if you're super specific. That doesn't mean like the rest of the audience won't come. Talk to you like people like talking to cool founders. So don't like worry about over over indexing or like over being being too specific. It just increases the chances that you'll meet like the exact right people
Chloe Lannert: show. Don't tell. So this is a huge reason why we include the product video. So you can anchor people with something more real so they can understand your business more easily. We found that, especially with more technical products, having that visual aid is a game changer way beyond what a deck can provide. Having the video really engages the audience with specific use cases and makes it
Chloe Lannert: makes it that much more clear what you're up to. But then, also within the context of the pitch, a string of numbers is going to be way less impactful than telling a story and then connecting it back to that string of numbers.
Chloe Lannert: Basically, you want to be as sort of grounded in reality as possible. And
Chloe Lannert: like working to make it memorable, make it engaging.
Chloe Lannert: And then, on the story point. Troy always recommends the book made to stick. I don't know if anyone's read it, but narratives really, really latch on in people's memories. So we'll see this a lot in the examples that we go through a little bit later down the line. But
Chloe Lannert: we're asking for a little bit of creativity here. This can get very overdone. The whole like customer story, like Meet Jane. Jane is our ideal customer. Jane wants to get food, but doesn't know how our app helps her do like that gets pretty dead pretty fast. So you have a lot of options on how to make it more like engaging and creative, and make it feel more real that you'll see in the examples, and we'll also help talk you through. We won't let you put a bad video up there.
Chloe Lannert: We've had to ask people to redo videos and like, maybe later down the line, I'll pull up the
Chloe Lannert: nail. The sky blue video.
NSG: Yeah, I mean the more that you all can start practicing bare bones
NSG: like and getting serious about it the better, because when people start to make something either on the video side or they're coming up with some sort of, you know, presentation format of what they want to say. You kind of get locked in or settled into what you're used to, what you're getting comfortable with rather than running a few experiments, getting different perspectives. So I definitely definitely recommend you working on this sooner than later. We're especially how you work on your storytelling.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah, it's like sunk cost fallacy. Once they start with a pitch, or like a certain narrative, they can't switch it up, and that that puts them in a bad spot.
Chloe Lannert: Little bonus here.
Chloe Lannert: This story goes back to the roots of techstar, Chicago. This was the 1st ever accelerate labs before.
Chloe Lannert: before Techstar, Chicago was techstar, Chicago, before techstars acquired it. So for their very 1st demo day the team had no idea what they were doing. This was like their 1st time, ever running an accelerator. And they decided that they were going to do mentors introducing each company being like this person is a pleasure to work with whatever but their very 1st presenter wanted to do something a little bit different.
Chloe Lannert: So instead of this, like polished mentor community member coming up this like very uncomfortable looking woman scurries out. She like, doesn't want to be there. She's nervous, and she says, like, Hi, I'm Jessica, and I'm here because of Give Ford, and then she like runs off stage. She does not want to be up there.
Chloe Lannert: and everyone in this audience is like.
Chloe Lannert: what? What was that? Because, like, maybe their friends are mentors, they're presenting like they know what they're sort of expecting. And then Desiree comes up.
Chloe Lannert: She's she's awesome. She's like now a long time Chicago mentor. She's raising her own fund phenomenal stage presence, and I'm going to paraphrase heavily because I was like a child when this happened. But Desiree goes. Yes, that was Jessica. Let me tell you her story.
Chloe Lannert: Jessica was born with some sort of birth defect. She's had a ton of health issues all over her life, including a heart transplant. She's exhausted all of the medical insurance that Blue cross blue shield will provide to her at over 2 million dollars worth of benefits, and she found out 2 years ago that she needed a kidney transplant to survive.
Chloe Lannert: Her whole family went in for testing, and thankfully. Her sister was a match, and was willing to donate a kidney to save her sister.
Chloe Lannert: But the family didn't have the money and insurance wouldn't pay for it. Fortunately a good friend found giveforward the 1st ever medical crowdfunding site, and posted Jessica's story, and they raised the $35,000 that they needed for the surgery in under 2 weeks. Jessica's sister is healthy today, and she's on stage because of give forward.
Chloe Lannert: And then everyone was like holy shit, she'd be dead, but that would get forward like, what are they doing? This is killer like she's there on stage because of get forward.
NSG: Well, still still to this day. So I was in the room right for that that pitch. I was actually the photographer for that Demo day. Funny enough, and
NSG: that was by far like I've seen. I don't know.
NSG: Probably you know over a thousand, you know, couple 1,000, you know pitches and demo days and things like that now all those years, by far the most memorable one of all time. Still, to this day, because she had this person like clearly, who needed help and and wasn't comfortable, and then found a way to get on stage and basically say, like, Look what I'm about to talk to you about
NSG: enabled this person's life to continue
NSG: so. Don't you want to hear more?
NSG: And it was. It was just like there is a way to storytell and to set things up in a way that really captures people's attention and emotion. And I think each of you with your businesses have a way to tell that kind of story, if you, if you choose to practice it and prepare for it.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah.
Chloe Lannert: So this was
Chloe Lannert: 15 years ago. You won't necessarily get that much uninterrupted time to tell such a long story. But the focus. Here is the emotion and how you're going to stick in people's memories. So it's like a little wrap up. Give forward was ultimately acquired by Gofundme, and Desiree founded another company, and it's now on her fund, and still a big Chicago community figure. But, like Neil, remembers 15 years later, what her pitch was.
NSG: Oh, yeah.
Chloe Lannert: Like regret, like their their relationship, is so far beyond that 1st accelerate labs pitch. But she became this like community figure because she was so memorable.
Chloe Lannert: So even like, even if you're not literally saving lives, you can find a way to pull on this strategy and make yourself memorable through human stories and focus on like the emotion in your jobs to be done. There's there's ways that you can leverage that if it makes sense within the context of your business.
NSG: Yep. So just a couple of slides left, and then we'll get into Demos.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah.
Chloe Lannert: So another big one here. Signal versus noise.
Chloe Lannert: How are we thinking about this in terms of the pitch, this an audience ask.
Chloe Lannert: what does this mean? Within the context of presentations?
Chloe Lannert: No one.
Ankur Toshniwal: Do you mean like, essentially like what you've what you're presenting as like, signalverse noise. Yeah. I mean.
Ankur Toshniwal: probably like more meaningless kind of meaningless metrics.
Ankur Toshniwal: I don't know. Like vanity metrics, Linkedin followers. Things like that are probably
Ankur Toshniwal: like just people don't care.
Ankur Toshniwal: Yeah, I don't know. Probably other marketing things that you've done that maybe had success.
Ankur Toshniwal: My guess is, people still don't care unless you're telling them about a problem that they either care about or have experience.
NSG: Okay, put another way. Like, so for those of you that have a question bank.
NSG: have you started to detect already that there's a heat map or concentration of types of questions that have emerged as patterns that people ask you about.
NSG: Does anyone have that data yet?
Carlo Scaglia: I got that.
NSG: So what's the trend? What? What are people asking you more about as opposed to less about.
Carlo Scaglia: So I've mainly been doing this one focused on like the client side. So my questions are more like product selling, and all of them tend to be target around the vetting of creators, the location of creators and the turnaround times. I was like
Carlo Scaglia: the 3 main questions.
NSG: Yes. So what's what's really helpful here, I think, and thank you for sharing that Carlo is
NSG: signal to noise is going to be different for different audiences and depending on your objective investors, are going to worry about different aspects of your business and your potential clients or customers are going to worry about your business. So, knowing who you're even trying to speak to
NSG: for this presentation is going to be important.
NSG: But it was interesting. When Alex, earlier, you said.
NSG: that is that still on the call?
NSG: Or do we lose them.
Chloe Lannert: Interrupt.
NSG: Oh, he dropped. Okay, Alex said. The 4 min was really short.
NSG: It that could be a lifetime depending on who you're talking to and what you're talking about.
NSG: It could be really short if you need to go really deep and technical, and to explain a a few forms of of of things. But most of you all, if not all of you.
NSG: Have a means to offer up a very, very compelling conversation and narrative within a 6 min timeframe.
NSG: 6 min should be enough to get people interested enough to want to talk to you afterwards or engage with you meaningfully.
NSG: And if you feel like that's not enough time, then let's talk about it. But, like I said, I pretty much doubt that for almost every single business situation that we're in.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah, so basically, no filler, everything you see.
NSG: Killer.
Chloe Lannert: Sorry.
NSG: No filler, all killer. Let's go.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah. So
Chloe Lannert: coming back to your like, 3 or 4 main takeaways. Everything that doesn't directly contribute to those 3 takeaways for your main audience is bloat, and is a distract distraction, and it's not worth delivering. So 4 great minutes is going to be substantially better than a bloated overdone like
Chloe Lannert: badly paced 6 min set where you're wasting people's time. So to to get super granular.
Chloe Lannert: you should be able to go like through your pitch line by line at the end, and every word should be necessary. So you want everything to contribute to your 3 main goals or as like data to support them and make it more memorable. So let's.
NSG: See that!
Chloe Lannert: You, with that.
NSG: Slide brings it home.
NSG: Yeah, yeah, there we go.
NSG: Yeah. The way you're gonna start. Basically, I'm gonna jump in here ploy, just to help, you know, expedite. But the
NSG: the way to get the story straight here is just don't add any chrome color details, fonts, none of that stuff. What we want are just really simple points that you're making
NSG: organized black and white objective on each slide
NSG: like no, nothing. Fancy pictures, graphs. No, that stuff just like, really, really objective, like, here's what I'm trying to say. Here's what I want to get across and move on to those next points and make that super super crystal clear and then this is true for any new decks that you're gonna make, that you're gonna present for investors afterwards. Obviously, you're not presenting a deck at Demo Day. And instead, what you're gonna do is you're gonna be on the stage for a minute and speak. You're gonna show a visual of your product, and then for 4 min.
NSG: as you do the QAI don't know if we explained this already, but there will be one single visual behind you that entire time
NSG: that could have a QR code. It could have information about your business. It should have just enough information that gives someone a reason to listen to you intently for 4 min while you're up there, but also to follow up with you and take whatever call to action that you ask about at the end. So with all of that being said like, just make sure that you've really been intentional and thoughtful for each of those segments and what you want to accomplish, and that you've actually planned out your story deliberately and with clear objections for every single word you use, and say in every sentence.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah. So the origin story of this is this is how Troy builds decks like literally black and white text within the context of a deck, no pictures, no graphs, just understanding what objective each slide has, and it's pretty much the same within the context of a piece of text, or like your your pitch script.
Chloe Lannert: focus 1st on your 3 objectives for your full set, and any data or sub objectives you want to contribute to those 3 main points, and then you can map it across the elements of your set across your pitch, your video and your Q&A, and bring it all together into a smoother narrative. But we really like the substance is the thing that matters the most. You're going to spend a lot of time practicing, but like where you should spend the most energy is making sure your objectives are really really aligned with where you want your business to go next.
Chloe Lannert: and then we will go into examples. Do we? Wanna we have any questions at the moment.
Chloe Lannert: with all that.
Chloe Lannert: we're all totally clear, and we're about to deliver, like the best pitches ever.
NSG: That's what I'm gathering. That's what I'm I'm sensing. They sound confident.
Chloe Lannert: Gonna be blown away. It's gonna be.
NSG: Awesome.
NSG: The preface I'll offer up here while Chloe pulls up the queue, and maybe we'll start with Jake.
NSG: Cause that's a fun haphazard one a little bit. It wasn't perfect, which I like.
NSG: is that it's gonna be super easy for us to to judge whatever pitches we watch.
NSG: So it's so much fun to to critique from the sidelines and for us to go. Oh, yeah, well, he's doing this wrong, or he's not saying it like this, or I could do a better job than that. Or this is how I would say this thing. So just remember that that's true for every single person that's ever pitched.
NSG: So just recognize that when you're up there and you have to do it, it's gonna it'll be humbling.
NSG: So I I only encourage this for us not to go over index on our armchair, quarterbacking.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah, but.
NSG: At the same time I do. Wanna I do want you to identify what you think needs to be better about each pitch, you see, because you've seen some of these people now, and you see to this day that they're driving and it's interesting to see the checkpoint from 2 or 3 years ago, and how they did then, compared to what they're doing now, and how they talk.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah. So we're gonna ask you for a couple of things you like and don't like about each pitch. And we're gonna do the full
Chloe Lannert: the full pitch for for Jake.
Chloe Lannert: Video audio kits.
Chloe Lannert: Great.
Chloe Lannert: We're an app that teaches people how to cook. Zest is so much more than a recipe, app zest offers skills and knowledge that you can use for the rest of your life. We're doing what headspace does for meditation, what mint does for personal finance. What Duolingo does for language we teach, we test, we reinforce. So users can gain agency over the process, and people are psyched that someone's finally stepping in to satisfy this need.
Chloe Lannert: They're really psyched. Actually.
Chloe Lannert: since we launched the 1st version of our product 8 months ago, we've had over 130,000 account activations with $0 spent on customer acquisition. We've amassed an audience on social media of over 140,000 people and reached over 20 million people with our viral organic content. In the last 3 months we've refined our product, turning enthusiasm into revenue. We've raised our paid conversion percentage 20 X our revenue 5 x. And we're about to make an entire generation happier and healthier through the power of cooking.
Ankur Toshniwal: It's not off. Gotta give a little talk. Sorry.
Ankur Toshniwal: Oh, shit! I'm early sorry, Jake.
Ankur Toshniwal: I'll be right back. I'm sorry about that.
Ankur Toshniwal: See you in a minute, Eric.
Ankur Toshniwal: as you just saw during techstars my company zest 5 x star, Mrr to $3.5,000 a month by selling an app that teaches people how to cook.
Ankur Toshniwal: because more people need to be able to make nourishing affordable and enjoyable food for themselves.
Ankur Toshniwal: Our competitive advantage is our ability to speak to our audience. We know that 20 posts a week across Instagram and Tiktok will yield 1,200 organic downloads with viral upside.
Ankur Toshniwal: Our analytical rigor at the top of the funnel has allowed us to sustain a 16% week over week growth rate throughout the course of techstars.
Ankur Toshniwal: But we're good at speaking to people within our app, too.
Ankur Toshniwal: Since August we've been converting users to our $10 monthly subscription at a rate that's 50% higher than average for education apps.
Ankur Toshniwal: We're like culinary school.
Ankur Toshniwal: If culinary school was cheap, hilarious, and you could do it from your couch 8 every year.
Chloe Lannert: Billions of twenty-somethings graduate into the real world and come to realize that a lifestyle of frozen food and Doordash will leave them feeling unhealthy, unfulfilled, and with a hole in their wallet.
Chloe Lannert: It's why 9 out of 10 of them want to improve their cooking skills. Why, 50% of them are cooking more than they did last year, and why I'm on this stage.
Ankur Toshniwal: To scale something that gives this increasingly large cohort the confidence they need to change that from their very own kitchens.
Ankur Toshniwal: Now let's talk.
Ankur Toshniwal: What's going on, man, you know, in all of this
Ankur Toshniwal: poor entrepreneurs have to go through all of this. These guys go through this nerve-wracking experience, and here it is the Eir that screws up the phone.
Ankur Toshniwal: anyway. Sorry about that, Jake. All right. I'm glad I didn't rob the audience of that presentation, because I love the discussion around zest. I love the conversation around food.
Ankur Toshniwal: Can you tell me more about how you spent the last 3 months at techstars?
Ankur Toshniwal: We've made measurable impacts on our company throughout techstars, we 3 x our average session time, the time that the user spends in the app, we 20 x'd our conversion rate.
Ankur Toshniwal: all of that is due. And if there's 1 thing to know about
Ankur Toshniwal: myself but my team who I work with because we've obsessed over knowing who our customer is. We've worked with industry leaders at the future of food to understand how and why people learn how to cook. We've spent hours and hours talking to our users to find out where we succeeded them and where we fell short.
Ankur Toshniwal: and what we came to realize was that we had a time to value issue in the app.
Ankur Toshniwal: So my team got to work. We built around that, and we saw the results that we saw.
Ankur Toshniwal: So it sounds like virality is kind of key to your customer acquisition, and, as we all know, virality can be notoriously fickle. Algorithms change previously. Available methods get arbitraged away like virality can be a really volatile metric to build a company on. Can you help me understand why we can trust the customer acquisition as you think about virality.
Ankur Toshniwal: Yeah. So virality is not our strategy. One of the key goals that we went into techstars trying to achieve was to complete phase one of our brand rollout and content acquisition strategy to create some predictability around our organic growth. And we did just that. We now know that 20 posts a week across platforms with a proprietary blend of trending and unique content, will yield 1,200 organic downloads.
Ankur Toshniwal: Now there is viral upside there. We do outperform that, but it's certainly not what we've modeled our business around.
Ankur Toshniwal: Got it. But you're not the only one creating food content out there, right? There are plenty of other big food influencers. There's Joshua Joshua Weissman, there's the golden balance. These folks have millions of followers and a dedicated fan base. How do you compete with them in a very crowded marketplace.
Ankur Toshniwal: We don't view them as our competition. We view what they do as highly complementary. To what zest does they build? A tremendous amount of intent in future zest users somebody who is scrolling through their phone on Tiktok, watching beautiful food content being made with a Doordash order directly to the right of them on the same platform that they're looking at. That content finds our organic content showing them how they get from the bag on the table to what they're looking at on their phone
Ankur Toshniwal: for us as the golden balance scales. As Joshua Weissman scales their followings, so, too, does the future cohort of high, intense users.
Ankur Toshniwal: I mean, okay.
Ankur Toshniwal: But these guys are also doing cooking lessons right? Like, I hear your answer. But they're also doing cooking lessons. They're also teaching people how to cook.
Ankur Toshniwal: So so how do you differentiate yourself? And and in particular, where a lot of their stuff is free, and you're asking people to pay you money. How do you differentiate yourself sufficiently so that you can get people to pay you money for your content?
Ankur Toshniwal: So free options in general don't effectively teach.
Ankur Toshniwal: They're fairly bulky, entertaining, yes, but
Ankur Toshniwal: lack any educational rigor. It's the same reason, ultimately, that someone would pay for Duolingo or headspace or mirror, or brilliant.org, or lucid or peloton.
Ankur Toshniwal: 75% of people under the age of 35. Consider cooking to be wellness.
Ankur Toshniwal: 9 out of 10 in that same cohort are willing to spend $300 a month on their wellness.
Ankur Toshniwal: All the test is doing is stepping up to satisfy that existing need got it.
Ankur Toshniwal: So your engagement numbers seem great, right? I heard everything that you said about how you're able to get people to engage with the platform fantastic. But your Mrr is pretty low, comparatively. Can you help me understand how you're thinking about the business model in that world?
Ankur Toshniwal: Yeah. So I think, I guess, to put it in perspective for zest to be a 10 million dollars arr, we would need 83,000 paid subscribers
Ankur Toshniwal: right now, entirely organically without putting any money behind our message. We have 145,000 people following us on social media.
Ankur Toshniwal: We've reached 20 million people.
Meg Hall: Again, entirely organically.
Meg Hall: Other comparable learning apps like, I just leaned on. Duolingo is a 4 billion dollars business headspace. 3 billion dollars. brilliant.org is worth hundreds of millions, as is lucid.
Meg Hall: All we're trying to do is take what has been effective in the way that they've taught people how to do certain tasks and apply it to food.
Meg Hall: Now, in terms of my team's ability to execute. On that, we went into techstars with 2 specific goals. We wanted to create predictability at the top of the funnel, and we wanted to improve our product. And I'm so proud. I'm like looking at my team right now. I'm so proud
Meg Hall: of the fact that we just knocked those out of the water.
Meg Hall: and so I'm energized. I'm excited by the opportunities and the unknowns to come that we can solve.
Meg Hall: But I'm I'm thrilled at the space that we're in
Meg Hall: very cool. Any last thoughts for the audience.
Meg Hall: Sure, yeah, there is
Meg Hall: this QR code on the right side of your screens. If the idea of changing the way that people think about food energizes you, or if anything that I said
Meg Hall: requires a follow up. If anything draws curiosity
Meg Hall: book a time to chat. I'd love to talk.
Chloe Lannert: Great couple things. We like couple of things we think could be improved.
Meg Hall: Thanks, mark.
Andrew Fernandes: I'm sorry.
Meg Hall: Body, language.
Andrew Fernandes: I just were my biases very good. He was relaxed, lean back in his chair, conveys confidence
Andrew Fernandes: less good, a little bit fidgety. With the mic at times conveys lack of confidence or nervousness.
Andrew Fernandes: A couple of times sidestepped his own
Andrew Fernandes: train of thought by saying you'd start a sentence and then say
Andrew Fernandes: so. This is why it's really important, so that misdirection can cause confusion, but overall very good
Andrew Fernandes: confidence, very clear, directing his answers for the most part.
Chloe Lannert: Anyone else.
Anthony De Silva: Yeah, I like that. He addressed some of the questions that that I was thinking in his Q&A,
Anthony De Silva: so yeah, yeah, I just felt like he was addressing all the questions that that compiled through through techstars and focusing on those in the Q. And a.
Ankur Toshniwal: I actually
Ankur Toshniwal: Frankly, I don't care about any of the like. The
Ankur Toshniwal: how he, his confidence, and all that stuff. I I don't. I didn't find any of the answers to be particularly like
Ankur Toshniwal: They weren't as insightful as I as I've heard him speak about it actually, more recently, especially I felt like there was.
Ankur Toshniwal: I'm I'm actually really glad. The Eir pushed
Ankur Toshniwal: back on a couple of the responses he had, because
Ankur Toshniwal: the Ir, I think was like nailing it actually by being like, okay, other people do this stuff like, what is the further thing?
Ankur Toshniwal: maybe maybe it's something that they hadn't discovered
Ankur Toshniwal: yet. And I I'm interested if, like.
Ankur Toshniwal: I'm interested, almost like if he didn't have an answer, if he if that would have been actually a little bit more of like a better answer than kind of sidestepping it. But
NSG: What you're saying right now is so astute. You have no idea, literally. The night before that demo day I remember Jake like kind of freaking out and feeling frustrated that Eric was his eir for this because he felt like he was gonna make him look bad by challenging him so much, and I ultimately tried to push Jake over the line to embrace the difficult conversation that he was gonna have to face about this inevitable question. He was gonna keep getting.
NSG: So I think you're exactly right. Jake at this time was far more uncertain about him and his business, because he was new.
NSG: right? Like this is all new. They didn't. They were 0 revenue going into the program, and only 3 or 4 Kmr. At the end. So this was still very early in his progress. So that uncertainty was definitely uncomfortable for him to face. But I agree with you and I. I ultimately made the decision along with Jake and Eric to have Eric push him in this way on purpose. So I I love that you said that it's exactly right.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah. And this is one of the more combative.
Chloe Lannert: Q. A's that we've seen. If like, most tend to be a little bit gentler, but
Chloe Lannert: he asked the questions that the audience was asking. Eric, like, got to the crux of what people were actually concerned about, and by addressing
Chloe Lannert: or like getting closer to addressing the
Chloe Lannert: the harder questions on stage, or at least acknowledging them. Jake was able to preempt a lot of sort of repetitive questions, or people who would have just outright ignored him for being like a consumer cooking app.
Chloe Lannert: But yeah, anchor that like super legit.
NSG: Yeah. But whatever version of yourself exists today that will be presenting a demo day. Imagine, 2 years from now what you'll be saying about your business relative to it, and that's the basis you have to compare with Jake, which I think is helpful.
Ankur Toshniwal: Yeah, I think I I wanted to also add, I think something that was interesting was the the call out on viral
Ankur Toshniwal: like it. It seemed like in the beginning that a lot of his pitch was. He was like, we have all this like virality. And then he kind of it felt a slightly like a backtrack of like. Oh, but viral growth is not our kind of thing. I feel like you should have leaned into it if that was kind of what it, what it was, what it was or in the original part of the pitch was like.
Ankur Toshniwal: It shouldn't. Maybe that wasn't the core thing that needed to be kind of highlighted, but it felt very like consumer. It felt very virally, and that was exciting, but I was almost confused that he, like went down like, that's actually not what we did. It's like, oh, then why was that in the original
Ankur Toshniwal: thing? So I was almost curious, like, yeah, like the hearing in the Q. And a, I think, was really was was useful. I was also interested.
Ankur Toshniwal: Why was 3 K Mrr. Like or like whatever 4 K Mrr.
Ankur Toshniwal: Why was that such a sticking point for the Eir 2? I was curious, because going from 0 to 3 or 4 in, you know. 3 months is still pretty impressive. Is there like a better answer that
Ankur Toshniwal: maybe Jake could have responded with, because it feels like, Hey, like we went from 0, we actually are have recurring stuff like, I'm almost curious how.
NSG: I mean, I I think what you just said is a way to double down on it. It's like, Hey, I think it's actually really impressive. We came from nothing that we got something, and we
NSG: predictable means to keep going. Yeah. So that's the way you respond. You did it. Yep.
Chloe Lannert: We'll do, Neil. You wanna go to Cicada next.
NSG: For sure.
Chloe Lannert: Great
Chloe Lannert: a all right. There's just nothing better than getting a room full of people to sing with you.
Chloe Lannert: Taylor Swift earned over a billion dollars on her latest tour. And yet the average Us. Musician only earns $20,000 a year.
Chloe Lannert: The music business is hard. That's why musicians hire managers. Cicada helps, managers make more money for their artists, and we do this by focusing on the live concert experience before cicada concert revenue could only come from tickets and merch. But traditional Merch, as you might know, is an expensive logistical nightmare.
Chloe Lannert: Sekira unlocks 6 new revenue streams at every single gig.
Chloe Lannert: These include things like custom, merch on demand for every single fan paid dedications and crucially real-time calls to action activated by the music itself.
Chloe Lannert: This helps us capitalize on people's exceptional state of mind before they even leave the venue.
Chloe Lannert: Since January, cicada has been used by over 40 acts, which makes perfect sense because we built it for ourselves. The founders are professional musicians and highly technical people, and we believe the next Taylor Swift will earn her 1 billion dollars using cicada. Let me show you how.
Chloe Lannert: as a musician, it's my job to put people into a state of euphoria. But how do I translate that into revenue?
Chloe Lannert: Well, when I go on tour. I bring my cicada QR. Code or my tappable signs. This way. My fans can access cicada on their mobile browsers where they can buy unique products and services. I don't need a cashier, and my fans don't need to wait in line. They could buy merch on demand, which makes my merch store. Infinite, saves me money on transport, and allows each fan to customize their items.
Chloe Lannert: I can do paint dedications kind of like cameo for live music. I can do tipping perks, vip access and more. And my fans can interact with the band. In real time.
Chloe Lannert: They can sing along to synchronize lyrics, vote in polls. Text a band and more.
Chloe Lannert: This allows me to gather some data so I can know my fans even if I don't control ticket sales. Cicada has been used by over 40 acts with thousands of dollars transacted, cicada making music profitable.
Chloe Lannert: Yep.
Chloe Lannert: So we'll pause with just the pitch and the video for cicada. But you guys remember him from the alumni panel
Chloe Lannert: cute you met Mercha in in week, one or sending killer updates.
Carlo Scaglia: Yeah, we'll be right.
Carlo Scaglia: Him.
Anthony De Silva: Yeah, killer updates, I think.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah.
Chloe Lannert: What what did he do? Well, what worked? What didn't.
Ankur Toshniwal: I thought he nailed it. That was that was really sick.
Anthony De Silva: Yeah, he had a lot of energy like, got me? Got me pumped.
Ankur Toshniwal: Yeah, yeah. Again, I I for me, I think it was like energy and stuff. It was not not all. There was no fat on any word, any sentence that's great. But also like
Ankur Toshniwal: the line, there's a clear narrative like his words ended exactly where the product picked up like the product video picked up.
Ankur Toshniwal: Whereas I felt, yeah, like, in contrast to maybe where
Ankur Toshniwal: assessed with that, I think like that video had, like all this like hype. And and then I don't know. I just felt like he. He went into a version where it was. Oh, we're not about viral it just there was something. There's a little bit of narrative interest like this was like
Ankur Toshniwal: the the product video just
Ankur Toshniwal: continued, almost like exponentially improved his original explanation. Of what the problem was and what he was doing. It was just, and the and it was also like tonage, right like it felt like he just was continued talking through the through. The videos. That was when it comes to presentation, was really really powerful, regardless of the business, almost has nothing to do with it. But the story, I think, was really clear to me, and and the way it was presented was like a really clear narrative, like I feel like I remember everything.
Chloe Lannert: And so.
Carlo Scaglia: Actually, I'd like I can try and filter. I thought Jake's 1 was a lot more precise, like everything that was being shown in the app was related to like a customer problem.
Carlo Scaglia: I felt like this. One was more of like a there's a whole lot of features that we have.
Carlo Scaglia: And I didn't really understand. If it was for the musician, if it was for the audience to interact with the musician, and it was kind of like.
Carlo Scaglia: here's so many different things that App does. And I was like, Okay, but like who he's selling to, I also didn't understand what was the purpose of the pitch, you know, with with Jake's 1 like. It was very clear to me what the purpose of that pitch was.
Carlo Scaglia: This one? I didn't really understand what
Carlo Scaglia: what it was. So to be honest for me, Jake's was a lot more precise than this one. I think there might be easy to get lost in the energy around it.
Carlo Scaglia: but in the actual juice of it I didn't get that much value from it.
NSG: You guys are figuring out what we're doing. This is good.
Chloe Lannert: So we'll go to Burhan next.
Chloe Lannert: The dental industry is in dire need of innovation. A dentist who owns a practice isn't just providing oral care. They're running a business. So as a business owner, a dentist needs to think about maximizing revenue.
Chloe Lannert: how can they schedule as many appointments as possible.
Chloe Lannert: This is true for my co-founder, Alan's dad.
Chloe Lannert: Alan's dad owns 2 clinics and pays each of his receptionists over $40,000 a year to manually schedule appointments over the phone one by one.
Chloe Lannert: When he looked at the numbers he realized that over 30% of incoming calls were being missed by his receptionist, and they just didn't have enough time during the day to call every person due for an appointment.
Chloe Lannert: So Alan's dad has a problem. He needs to maximize appointments scheduled. But there's a major bottleneck in the process. His receptionist
Chloe Lannert: in any other industry technology has replaced this role because when it comes to manual and repetitive tasks like this, technology is almost always cheaper and more efficient.
Chloe Lannert: It's why restaurants have open table barbers have squire, and drivers have uber.
Chloe Lannert: but dentists like Alan's dad don't have anything.
Chloe Lannert: My name is Burhan, and I'm the CEO of Rhonda AI. My team and I built Rhonda an AI receptionist for dentists to solve Alan's dad's problem.
Chloe Lannert: Rhonda works 24, 7 can take hundreds of calls at once.
Chloe Lannert: schedules, appointments efficiently and does all this work at a fraction of the cost of a human receptionist. Here's a video, unscripted, unedited, a real life conversation of how Rhonda works.
Chloe Lannert: Hello! This is Rhonda from Avenue Dental Center. How can I assist you today?
Chloe Lannert: Hey? I'm looking to get my teeth cleaned sometime early next week.
Chloe Lannert: Great! We can definitely help with that. Are you a new patient or an existing patient with us.
Chloe Lannert: I'm an existing patient.
Chloe Lannert: perfect. Before we schedule your appointment, I need to verify some information. Could you please provide your 1st name, last name, and date of birth.
Chloe Lannert: Yep, Daniel Porter, March 26, th 1999.
Chloe Lannert: Thanks, Daniel. Let's find a suitable time for your cleaning appointment early next week. How does Monday or Tuesday work for you?
Chloe Lannert: Can we do Tuesday?
Chloe Lannert: Sure thing, we have openings on Tuesday? Sorry, actually, can we do Monday morning instead.
Chloe Lannert: No problem at all. Let's check for Monday morning. How does 10 am. Sound?
Chloe Lannert: Yep, that's perfect. Let's put that in
Chloe Lannert: awesome. I'll book your cleaning appointment for Monday at 10 Am. One moment while I finalize that for you.
Chloe Lannert: Great. Your appointment is set for Monday at 10 Am. Have a wonderful day, Daniel.
Chloe Lannert: all right.
Chloe Lannert: So before we get started, I just want to clarify like that was a live call. Yeah, that wasn't a mock-up with a voice and an actor? No, that was a live call, and the computer was the woman or the man, because she sounded much more natural and clear than he did? No, the computer was a woman. The man was my co-founder and CTO Muhammad. He's an absolute genius. Wow, all right. And you didn't like speed stuff up and skip over things. No, like all right.
Chloe Lannert: So my 1st question was going to be, would patients except accept talking to an AI instead of a human receptionist. But like that was pretty good.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah, I mean, I'm going to make a bold claim. Not only do I think patients will accept talking to an AI over a human receptionist. I actually think they'll prefer it
Chloe Lannert: level with me real quick. The biggest issues with customer service, in my opinion, are long wait times and language barriers.
Chloe Lannert: AI solves both of these problems. Rhonda doesn't have wait times. She immediately answers the phone. You speak a different language. Great Rhonda speaks over 50 different languages.
Chloe Lannert: So the most important thing to focus on here is that we've built Rhonda to be very smart. She can have nuanced conversations, understand human sentiment and can act accordingly, and we've made it so that she makes the appointment scheduling process as smooth and seamless as possible.
Chloe Lannert: Wow! All right. But you got to get to market share fast like you're not the only one who's going to be doing this and scaling is going to take time. You got to go to every single dentist office like, how are you going to get this done?
Chloe Lannert: We actually don't plan on going one by one to every clinic. In fact, our focus isn't even on individual practices. Our focus is purely on Dsos. For context, Dsos are private equity firms that own dozens, if not hundreds of clinics.
Chloe Lannert: The advantage of Dsos is that we can scale very quickly because we can capture a large number of clinics in one deal.
Chloe Lannert: It's also worth mentioning in terms of go to market, that my co-founder, Alan, comes from a family of dentists, and his father is one of the most respected dentists in North America.
Chloe Lannert: Our unfair advantage is the distribution that his family name brings to the table.
Chloe Lannert: and I think we've done a pretty good job of using these advantages to our benefit, we pivoted into Rhonda about a month into techstars.
Chloe Lannert: and in the 6 to 7 weeks since we've built an end-to-end product that's live with our 1st customer. We've signed 5 clinics that will be paying us $36,000 in annual recurring revenue.
Chloe Lannert: and we've built a 7.8 million dollars worth of late. Stage pipeline.
Chloe Lannert: Wow! All right, that's impressive. Those are some big numbers in a short period of time, but it's still hard to see how you're going to build a unicorn in the dental industry. It's just not that big. How do you plan to turn this into a business that's worth over a billion dollars.
Chloe Lannert: I think we're going to build a billion dollar business or a billion dollar valuation business because we're planning on going after the entire healthcare industry as a whole.
Chloe Lannert: using a bottoms up approach. Our tam is estimated to be about 45 billion dollars across healthcare. And the reason we're starting with dental is A, we have an unfair distribution advantage. And B. Dsls allow us to scale very quickly, and this trend of Dsos, where a bunch of clinics are being brought up by one entity. It's a trend that's moving across the entire industry within healthcare. So we're starting with dental as a wedge to enter this market segment.
Chloe Lannert: prove out our thesis, and as soon as we do, we plan on immediately targeting the rest of the industry.
Chloe Lannert: Okay, so that makes sense. But you know, AI agents generative AI seems to be becoming more and more accessible, easier and easier for people to do. Is there a real barrier to entry here? You built this thing in a couple of months. How are you going to create a mode? How are you going to prevent others from getting in.
Chloe Lannert: Healthcare is a pretty complicated space. You can't just build a voice AI agent that plugs into every major practice management system and is also complying with the various healthcare regulations overnight. It's just not possible.
Chloe Lannert: The thing is Dsos, are these enterprise clients with a lot of legacy it systems. So we actually had to go in and build connectors to all the major practice management systems that they use.
Chloe Lannert: And we've had to architect our platform to allow for rapid onboarding of clinics at scale.
Chloe Lannert: It's also worth mentioning that we actually benefit from, and very much welcome the changes in generative AI.
Chloe Lannert: Not only will this allow Rhonda to get smarter faster and cheaper, but it'll also allow us to enhance the development of our product, and at an accelerated rate because of improvements in Gen. AI
Chloe Lannert: awesome. So one last time I get to ask.
Chloe Lannert: How can the audience help you? What do you want from us today? So as of right. Now we are raising a 1 million dollars. Precede round with some commitments already made. So if you're interested in investing in the future of healthcare. And AI. Come, find me. I'm wearing a white T-shirt.
Chloe Lannert: Thank you very much. Rhonda.
Chloe Lannert: Great
Chloe Lannert: yeah. Ankur.
Chloe Lannert: See? Thumbs up.
Ankur Toshniwal: That was the best one yet.
Chloe Lannert: What do we like? What do we not.
Meg Hall: I felt like he had less energy at the beginning, and then it actually got higher when he was being like interviewed, which I think was good.
Meg Hall: okay.
Chloe Lannert: So Viv, he didn't close that round.
Chloe Lannert: That's that's the killer here. So this is one of my favorite pitches. I think he absolutely murders it on customer education, or like audience education about sort of enterprise structures that people might not be familiar about. I knew nothing about Dsos until they started doing this and despite having
Chloe Lannert: really quick, impressive product development, all of that, he actually didn't close, and he had to sit down sign more customers get his Mrr up, and then was ultimately able to close a couple of months ago, and this was
Chloe Lannert: this was back in June or May 2024. So it took him like an extra 6 months, where he had to like, sit back and and get actually ready for fundraising.
Andrew Fernandes: Why was that? What was the feedback.
Chloe Lannert: Well, he he actually has a workshop where he's gonna talk about it.
Meg Hall: What was his revenue at that time.
Chloe Lannert: It was so he was 36 K. AR.
Meg Hall: Hmm, okay.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah.
Ankur Toshniwal: So to be clear. That's the same as where Jake was. Right. 3 K. Mr.
Ankur Toshniwal: Yes, it's a different ui.
Chloe Lannert: And Neil, do you know the timeline of when Jay closed, compared to Demo Day.
NSG: No, no, I don't. It wasn't. It wasn't. It took way longer than he thought. It always takes everyone way longer than they think so, whatever you think, it's gonna take, it's at least 2 x, probably more.
NSG: So
NSG: just to put that in perspective. And it's not just a matter of what your revenue is. That is a proxy there to indicate that
NSG: cool. So we should we do one more I don't know. I was thinking like I was debating between Alex and and Snow Chloe. My! My instinct is snow. Given the relevance of
NSG: you know his business, and then his also his product. Demo, I think, is a really good reference point that's different than what they've seen so far.
Chloe Lannert: Sounds great. They're also cool.
Chloe Lannert: See? Both Burhan and snow tomorrow.
NSG: Cool. Yeah, it's great timing. Then let's let's see snows that'll that'll be a good way to end this and and this we can discuss it
NSG: one more time.
NSG: Yeah, yay, that's my people. That's great
NSG: generative. AI is the biggest revolution in the world since invention of the computers.
NSG: So what are you doing with Gen. AI.
NSG: Seriously, what are you doing with Genai? Asking Chatgpt why this meme is funny?
NSG: Our customers have increased their performance to 250% by using Gen. AI and run bear.
NSG: are you going to lose this game? Are you going to hire AI consultant and spend months on implementations to see how it works.
NSG: Don't don't meet rumbear
NSG: in just 10 min instead of months. In 10 min you can integrate your custom. AI built on Openai or anthropic into your communication platforms like slack Hubspot. Send desk and more.
NSG: and you don't need any coding or engineering support.
NSG: Since joining techstars we have quadrupled our Mrr by increasing our customer base from 15 to 66 companies, including big names like Pcg.
NSG: Let's see how Rumbere made this possible
NSG: Runbear is a connector between Generative AI and communication platforms. In 10 min you can create your custom. AI, like Hr. Assistant on slack sales, copilot on teams or customer support agents on Hubspot.
NSG: Hey, Todd? How many people in your company benefit from Runbear? Probably I'd say 2 or 300, all of our medical team, and then we're starting to roll it out to the sales team and marketing and legal in each organization. The docs that everybody edits and they can just communicate directly with ais through slack, which is a game changer. How about you, Tash? What do you use from bear for putting live customer queries into slack to see what responses come out and then use them. We have been playing around with the hub
NSG: integration as well, which we have found useful. The benefit definitely is quicker testing and validation, and then to give the rest of the company a chance to play around with it as well. Ecg. Laser away, and 60 more customers are leading their industry, using rumbear. Join rumbear and stay ahead.
NSG: Yeah, hey, Liliana?
NSG: Good.
NSG: All right. Technical difficulties. We had to get the ipad there. So that was an amazing video. And those seems like some really happy customers.
NSG: Could you help me understand, Runbear better? How is it different from all of the Gpts out there like Openai.
NSG: Great. 1st of all, thank you.
NSG: Think of Runbear as a connector instead of an AI builder. You can still use openai or anthropic, whatever you are familiar with to create your custom. AI,
NSG: while Rumbell helps you create them even easier. Its core unique value prop is connecting those AI apps into the channels like Slack or Hubspot that you face every day.
NSG: This enables customizing the user experience for each AI seamlessly. And you can manage multiple AI apps for different purposes across various channels at a minimal cost. The best part. Anyone can do that in minutes
NSG: that seems so useful, but it makes me wonder why the integration piece is important in the 1st place. So why is it a big deal to have Gpts integrated into slack or Hubspot.
NSG: right?
NSG: Companies need to meet their customers or their employees where they are, where they live every day. For example, if you want to return your fancy, Nike shoes, for some reason. Would you go to Chatgpt and ask, How can I return my Nike shoes? No, you probably wouldn't. You'd go to where
NSG: Nike customer center right
NSG: by integrating AI into your communication platforms. You don't need to change users behavior to make the Gen. AI do its jobs.
NSG: Okay, I think I get it. So then how is it different from just using intercom or Zendesk? AI,
NSG: good, long story short, you can create what you want instead of using general purpose. AI.
NSG: As long as companies have so different tasks and workflows
NSG: the general purpose. AI often cannot meet all the requirements. For example, you probably wouldn't use friendly customer support AI, such as intercom to identify some potential compliance issues. Right? Yeah. So as a proof, our customers tend to begin with one AI app, and then they create more and more apps for different purpose as continue to use run, bear.
NSG: and I have one more one of the customers. They even use more than 3 AI apps simultaneously. That's 30, 30, more than 30 ais. That's incredible.
NSG: So tell me, Gen. AI, as a landscape is extremely crowded, as we all know. So how is Runbear going to cut through that noise to be successful?
NSG: Well, Openai, anthropic Microsoft, Google, Meta, Amazon, they all aim to help people create custom. Gen. AI. Easily.
NSG: But how are people using them?
NSG: They need to integrate them into their workflows. But the current solutions are not cutting it
NSG: because of that. People are hiring AI consultants who cost more than $250 per hour, and then spend 3 to 4 months. On implementing one project.
NSG: they can cost hundreds of thousands of dollars per implementation and even more on maintenance with bomb bear. You can accomplish that in minutes, and it costs only a couple $100 per month.
NSG: and we cover the maintenance, such as handling new api updates or even unexpected errors. The competitive advantage is so clear. That's why we are trusted by companies like, Bcg, yeah, that's impressive. So speaking of customers.
NSG: what is next on the roadmap for Runbear going forward.
NSG: we aim to become the standard of integrating AI into workflows.
NSG: for now we support Slack Microsoft teams Discord, Zendesk, and Hubspot.
NSG: We are going to improve and expand our integrations based on our customers needs.
NSG: Please keep your eye on us. Anyone who wants to utilize AI for work.
NSG: They will think of rum bear. First, st I love that.
NSG: We'll definitely keep our eye on you. So we have the whole audience here. How can we help you?
NSG: Yeah, although we still have around 15 months running, we'd love to boost our growth through investment and partnerships.
NSG: So please look for this pink T-shirt or scan. Now this QR. To discuss how we might work together.
NSG: Awesome. Look for the pink t-shirt, guys. This is run bear.
Chloe Lannert: Alright!
Andrew Fernandes: I don't know if I missed it, but I didn't hear a lot of numbers.
Andrew Fernandes: Did he give his AR, Mr. Or anything.
Chloe Lannert: I don't think you did.
Andrew Fernandes: Wow!
NSG: Makes me curious. Right?
NSG: Gives you a reason to want to go talk to him.
Anthony De Silva: Well, he didn't mention it. He didn't mention arr, but he did mention a list of customers. Pcg, laser race is a big company. So yeah, come talk.
NSG: Let me find out!
Anthony De Silva: Yeah.
Meg Hall: Neila, from your point is that you think that we should withhold our our AR.
NSG: It depends. It depends. I I don't get too prescriptive here. There's no one single answer on what to do. Each of you have a different situation.
Meg Hall: So just to be clear, we're making our own video like, there's no, you're doing everything.
Meg Hall: Open anything. Okay?
NSG: Yeah.
Andrew Fernandes: Are there any investors for whom it'll be an automatic
Andrew Fernandes: shut off if you don't include Mr. AR. Numbers.
NSG: Again. It's all dependent on your situation. So you're gonna have to figure out who you're trying to speak to. And what what matters. So one thing that's come up a lot
NSG: from all the questions that you've been writing down and tracking.
NSG: it's like immediately. They're not interested in talking to you unless they understand you actually have our some new traction by now
NSG: might be worth considering right or addressing in some other way.
NSG: or having the Eir ask you like, hey? You didn't share any numbers, you know. Why not what's going on.
NSG: So there's a lot of ways to do it.
NSG: Any other thoughts on snow. Oh, go ahead, Vivian.
Vivian: Well, I mean, I know we're meeting him tomorrow, so I feel like it'd be good to ask him about strategic. And then, if people actually did follow up with him.
Vivian: when he chose to, if he chose to leave that out. It, I'm wondering, are so are all the questions scripted because I can definitely tell.
NSG: Yes.
Vivian: Okay cause there's for every single one of the presentations that felt like there was at least one question that felt a little surprising to them, because the
NSG: No.
Vivian: Okay.
NSG: Every single question that's asked is script like it's all scripted.
NSG: Yeah, it doesn't seem like it, right? It doesn't quite feel like it. And that's that's the magic of it. But I promise you we literally plan it all out.
Vivian: Okay.
Ankur Toshniwal: I did not.
NSG: Plan the the Eric going on stage at the wrong time with, Yeah, it's not funny.
Vivian: Right.
Ankur Toshniwal: Was that was a follow up from Eric, planned.
NSG: What do you mean?
Ankur Toshniwal: A little, pushing a little harder on.
NSG: Yes.
Ankur Toshniwal: Yeah, okay.
NSG: Like literally. That's what I meant. Encore like we were like. Jake was freaking out about it the night before Demo Day, and I don't think we should do it like I don't. You know. I don't think it's gonna make us look bad, and I'm like, no, you need that question to be asked of you on.
Ankur Toshniwal: It's it's uncommon for it.
NSG: Yeah, yeah.
Ankur Toshniwal: Yeah, yeah. I, yeah, I I feel like, I have almost more questions than answers after that.
Ankur Toshniwal: which is not yeah, not nothing bad. I I really I really do question, like the diff, like the the different, like the the mode, just not even like whether it exists now. But how it would be built even hypothetically, in the future. So I would definitely be interested in.
NSG: Yeah.
Ankur Toshniwal: Finding that.
NSG: Well, so here's the thing, though, like, remember the the purpose of this isn't to answer all the questions and to get it all right. The purpose of this is to entice someone to want to engage more with the founder about their business
NSG: right? Like, what do you need to say in that 6 min timeframe so that people go hmm
NSG: like, I wonder what's up here like? I need to figure this out, or I want to know. I want to get to know them better. I need. I have some more questions to ask, so you're inviting more curiosity to engage. You're not answering every question that they might have in their head
NSG: cool any final thoughts, comments, or questions, but like, I guess, like the last thing I'll say on this, and then Field, whatever else you all have time for.
NSG: this is supposed to be fun
NSG: like like that, like this process. This part of the the thing is you talking about this business that you love so much, and you're so excited to build and turn into this very like awesome success story. So if that's not coming out.
NSG: Then then there's a problem that needs to be solved, because
NSG: at the end of the day you should be stoked to share. How exciting your company is right now, and how much progress you've made on it to date.
NSG: So make sure that that's a part of the process that you make this as a a little piece of joy that you get to experience every day is practicing talking about your business, and how proud you are of its progress. Because it should be that that dance
NSG: cool anything else.
Chloe Lannert: Some.
NSG: Sounds like they understand the assignment.
Chloe Lannert: I'll post this recording and a bunch of other
Chloe Lannert: demo day examples later today, and I will see you all for Kpis soon.
Ankur Toshniwal: Okay, actually, I did have one question for assistance with kind of like media create, like, you know, asset creation, I guess. Videos and stuff
Ankur Toshniwal: sorry it might have been covered earlier in the thing. But is that something we just like? I know we do everything on our own, but for even assistance to be. Just reach out to you guys and.
NSG: Of course. Yeah, yeah, we we'll make sure that you get it right. And it looks good. Give you feedback and guidance stuff like that. But there's more support available technologically now than ever before in the history of humanity to help you guys with video creation.
Carlo Scaglia: Yeah, there's this cool start up, called exotic.
Carlo Scaglia: Yeah.
Ankur Toshniwal: You may have heard of it.
NSG: We get out of here. Guys, have a good day.